ciscoasa(config)#object network INSIDE1-OUTSIDE
ciscoasa(config-network-object)#SUB
ciscoasa(config-network-object)#SUBnet 192.168.10.0 255.255.255.0
ciscoasa(config-network-object)#
ciscoasa(config-network-object)#
ciscoasa(config-network-object)#nat (INSIDE1,OUTSIDE) dyb
ciscoasa(config-network-object)#nat (INSIDE1,OUTSIDE) dyn
ciscoasa(config-network-object)#nat (INSIDE1,OUTSIDE) dynamic in
ciscoasa(config-network-object)#nat (INSIDE1,OUTSIDE) dynamic interface 
ciscoasa(config-network-object)#
ciscoasa(config-network-object)#
ciscoasa(config-network-object)#ex
ciscoasa#
ciscoasa#conf t
ciscoasa(config)#object network INSIDE1a-OUTSIDE
ciscoasa(config-network-object)#SUBnet 192.168.10.0 255.255.255.0
ciscoasa(config-network-object)#nat (INSIDE2,OUTSIDE) dynamic interface 
ciscoasa(config-network-object)#
ciscoasa(config-network-object)#
ciscoasa(config-network-object)#ex
ciscoasa#
ciscoasa#conf t


ciscoasa(config)#object network INSIDE2-OUTSIDE
ciscoasa(config-network-object)#subnet 172.16.0.0 255.255.0.0
ciscoasa(config-network-object)#nat (INSIDE1,OUTSIDE) dynamic interface 
ciscoasa(config-network-object)#
ciscoasa(config-network-object)#
ciscoasa(config-network-object)#
ciscoasa(config-network-object)#object network INSIDE2a-OUTSIDE
ciscoasa(config-network-object)#subnet 172.16.0.0 255.255.0.0
ciscoasa(config-network-object)#nat (INSIDE2,OUTSIDE) dynamic interface 
ciscoasa(config-network-object)#
ciscoasa(config-network-object)#
ciscoasa(config-network-object)#ex
ciscoasa#conf t




ciscoasa(config)#object network INSIDE3-OUTSIDE
ciscoasa(config-network-object)#subnet 10.10.0.0 255.255.0.0
ciscoasa(config-network-object)#nat (INSIDE1,OUTSIDE) dynamic interface 
ciscoasa(config-network-object)#
ciscoasa(config-network-object)#ex
ciscoasa#conf t
ciscoasa(config)#object network INSIDE3a-OUTSIDE
ciscoasa(config-network-object)#subnet 10.10.0.0 255.255.0.0
ciscoasa(config-network-object)#nat (INSIDE2,OUTSIDE) dynamic interface 
ciscoasa(config-network-object)#
ciscoasa(config-network-object)#
ciscoasa(config-network-object)#ex
ciscoasa#
ciscoasa#wr mem


